Update Bridges section to be Interoperability section, with XCM and B… (#3202)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-architecture.md

expected to be secure with a large amount of stake put up to back it, parachains should benefit from
this security.

## Interoperability

### [XCM](learn-crosschain.md)

> XCM, short for cross-consensus messaging is a format, and not a protocol. It does not assume anything

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XCM, short for cross-consensus messaging, is a format and not a protocol. The format does not assume anything
```

> about the reciever or senders consensus mechanism, it just cares about the format in which the messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about the receiver or senders consensus mechanism, it only cares about the format in which the messages
```

> must be formatted in. This format is the bread and butter of how parachains can communicate with one 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be formatted in. XCM is how parachains will be able to communicate with one
```

expected to be secure with a large amount of stake put up to back it, parachains should benefit from
this security.

## Interoperability

### [XCM](learn-crosschain)
XCM, short for cross-consensus message, is a format and not a protocol. The format 
does not assume anything about the receiver or senders consensus mechanism, it only cares about 

> the format in which the messages must be structured in. XCM format is how parachains will be able to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the format in which the messages must be structured in. The XCM format is how parachains will be able to 
```

> communicate with one another. Different from XCMP which is short for cross-chain messaging protocol,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
communicate with one another. Different from XCMP, which is short for cross-chain messaging protocol,
```

> XCM is what gets delivered, and XCMP is the delivery mechanism. Best way to learn more about XCM by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XCM is what gets delivered, and XCMP is the delivery mechanism. The best way to learn more about XCM is by
```
